Hackathon: Lightning Projects with Django & APIs

NOTE: If you are working by yourself, check out the `solo_instructions.md` file
instead!

1. Form your group. 3-4 people is ideal for a Hackathon project, but any number
of people 2-5 can work!

2. Agree on one or two different APIs. A great, huge list of public APIs is
here, but you can use whatever: https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis

3. Agree on an application that uses these APIs. It might just display data
from each one, or it may attempt to combine data between them in some clever
way.

4. Form into the following roles: API engineers (one for each APIs), front-end
engineer, and backend-engineer.

5. Get to work! The work for each of the roles is explained below:


API Engineer:

- Your goal is to get a "proof of concept" for the API working so that
  it fetches the desired necessary data using the Python requests
  package.
- The coolest / most powerful API's tend to be restricted with API keys
  and secret keys. These are not anonymously available, instead require
  you to sign up and get an API key and secret key (essentially,
  username/password for APIs).
- Don't worry about the styling or Django aspects. Just make sure you
  are getting the right information for your project. Possibly: Build a
  for loop around it proving you are getting the right info.
- If you can get a single proof of concept working with requests or even curl
  or the browser, go ahead and send the resulting data over to the backend
  engineer. They can use this data as "dummy data" to get started with
  integrating everything, only dropping in your requests code when the time
  comes.
- If you have time, put your API code into a function that cleanly retrieves
  the data from the website.


Front-End Engineer:

- Find a nice Bootstrap template, or build your own from scratch, kind of like
  what we did for Homework 1.
- If you used a pre-built template: Bootstrap templates in the wild are filled
  with the "weeds" of unnecessary code. Hack away until you have something
  clean and usable.
- Start putting in your Django (same as Jinja) templating code - you should be
  looping through the data that will eventually be generated by the API


Back-End Engineer:

- Your goal is to tie everything together and get the Django project up and
  running.
- Start with the example project found in the "minidjango" directory (the same
  as the one in the kickstartcoding/heroku-getting-started) guide. This is
  almost the same as the code we researched in 2-django-improved Make sure you
  understand what is happening here.
- Add and delete views / urls as necessary until you have the necessary shape
  for your project.
- Work closely with the front-end engineer to ensure you are sending the right
  context to their templates.
- Ensure all the static files work correctly (move those to the static directory)
- Work closely with the API engineer(s) to get demo data set up in lieu of the
  complete project working.
- Make sure your Django templating code is working with your view functions.
  Your templates should be looping through or in some other way inserting the
  data that is generated by the API and displaying it in a pleasing way on the
  page.
- When you're done, launch the project to Heroku!

