Hackathon: Lightning Projects with Django & APIs

NOTE: If you are working with other people, check out the `group_instructions`
file instead!


1. Pick one or two APIs. A great, huge list of public APIs is here, but you can
use whatever: https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis

2. Plan an application that uses these APIs. It might just display data from
each one, or it may attempt to combine data between them in some clever way.

3. Plan out work in the following phases: API phase, front-end engineer phase,
and backend-engineer phase.

4. Get to work! The work for each of the phases is explained below:


API Phase:

- Your goal is to get a "proof of concept" for the API working so that it
  fetches the desired necessary data using the Python requests package.
- The coolest / most powerful API's tend to be restricted with API keys and
  secret keys. These are not anonymously available, instead require you to sign
  up and get an API key and secret key (essentially, username/password for
  APIs).
- Don't worry about the styling or Django aspects. Just make sure you are
  getting the right information for your project. Possibly: Build a for loop
  around it proving you are getting the right info.
- If you can get a single proof of concept working with requests or even curl
  or the browser, you may want to try moving on to another phase.  You can use
  this data as "dummy data" to get started with integrating everything, only
  dropping in your requests code when the time comes.


Front-End Phase:

- Find a nice Bootstrap template, or build your own from scratch, kind of like
  what you may have done for homework.
- If you used a pre-built template: Bootstrap templates in the wild are filled
  with the "weeds" of unnecessary code. Hack away until you have something
  clean and usable.


Back-End Phase:

- Now your goal is to tie everything together and get the Django project up and
  running.
- Start with the example project found in the "minidjango" directory (the same
  as the one in the kickstartcoding/heroku-getting-started) guide. This is
  almost the same as the code we used in previous activities. Make sure you
  understand what is happening here.
- Add and delete views / urls as necessary until you have the necessary shape
  for your project.
- Copy over the template you selected while doing front-end work, and ensure
  all the static files work correctly (move those to the static directory) you
  are sending the right context to the template.
- Copy over the code you did while doing the "API proof-of-concept" to get data
  getting inserted into the template, like what was done in previous
  activities.
- Start putting in your Django (same as Jinja) templating code. Your templates
  should be looping through or in some other way inserting the data that is
  generated by the API and displaying it in a pleasing way on the page.
- When you're done, launch your project to Heroku!

