**NOTE:** Start with instructions.md!



Bonus Challenge #1
-------------------

We want Instagrim to go viral! How might you add Facebook or Twitter share
icons for them?

- Look up pre-made packages for Facebook or Twitter share icons

- Incorporate one or more of these into the "view" page, so that the view page
  can be shared



Bonus Challenge #2
-------------------

Who doesn't like buttons? Everyone likes buttons! Let's make our BoldButton
component much better.

- We need some nice icons. Search on NPM for a pre-made icon packages for React
  (or just use Emojis), and expand the BoldButton component to support an
  optional "icon" prop that will render one of the following icons next to the
  text:
    - A "delete" or trash icon
    - A "edit" or pencil icon
    - A "back" or left arrow icon (to replace the "Back" button)

- Add a "Delete" button and an "Edit" button to the ViewSinglePost page




Bonus Research Challenge: "Avatars add" lose focus
----------------------------------------------------

- Why does the input in the modal in /avatars/add/ constantly lose focus as you
  type?

- How do you fix it?

HINT: This issue discusses it --- the fix isn't too hard, but would complicate
code so was avoided for this activity:

<https://github.com/redux-form/redux-form/issues/1557>



Bonus Research Challenge: Exploring Action Creators
----------------------------------------------------


### Action Creators

- The "randomized Avatar" code should probably be in a separate type of
  function, called an "action creator".

- You already have action creators -- they were generated by Redux Toolkit
  automatically for each reducer function provided!

- Thus, for this bonus research, pseudocode how you might make a custom action
  creator that randomly selects an avatar from a given list:

    - <https://redux-toolkit.js.org/api/createAction>




### Thunks

- To create Action Creators that in turn do API calls or other asynchronous
  operations, one typical approach for large Redux set-ups is to use a "thunk"

- A thunk is similar to a "promise", and, simply put, is a function that simply
  returns another function which in turn is the function actually does the
  thing you want to do

- In practice, they allow for Actions to be asynchronous

    - Or more precisely, one Action Creator that kicks off an asynchronous
      operation, and another Action Creator that signals the ends the
      asynchronous operation, possibly with payload from that operation, such
      as response data

- Read more about using these below (includes links to blog posts & tutorials):

    - <https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-thunk>


